build-challenge/ScoreSheet.md, before:


## Scoresheet

### Blocks (when stored as items in a chest | half points)

### All unlisted blocks should be 10 points

| Block        | Score           |
| ------------- |:-------------:|
| diamond block | 200 |
| bedrock | 100 |
| diamond ore | 40 |
| crafting table | 30 |
| note block | 22 |
| mob spawner | 20 |
| lit furnace | 20 |
| dispenser | 20 |
| golden rail | 20 |
| standing sign | 16 |
| netherrack | 12 |
| soul sand | 12 |
| chest | 12 |
| log | 8 |
| log2 | 8 |
| chiseled sandstone | 8 |
| cut sandstone | 8 |
| oak stairs | 8 |
| glass | 6 |
| pistonarmcollision | 8 |
| brown mushroom | 6 |
| red mushroom | 6 |
| redstone wire | 6 |
| wheat | 6 |
| spruce fence gate | 6 |
| birch fence gate | 6 |
| jungle fence gate | 6 |
| dark oak fence gate | 6 |
| acacia fence gate | 6 |
| chemical heat | 6 |
| spruce door | 6 |
| birch door | 6 |
| jungle door | 6 |
| acacia door | 6 |
| dark oak door | 6 |
| grass path | 6 |
| frame | 6 |
| stone | 4 |
| planks | 4 |
| sapling | 4 |
| sand | 4 |
| gravel | 2 |
| leaves | 4 |
| sponge | 4 |
| double stone slab2 | 4 |
| stone slab2 | 4 |
| cobweb | 4 |
| grass | 2 |
| fern | 2 |
| dead bush | 4 |
| seagrass | 4 |
| sea pickle | 4 |
| fire | 4 |
| leaves2 | 2 |
| dirt | 2 |
| cobblestone | 2 |
	
### Items in Chests
### All unlisted items should be 10 points

| Item        | Score           |
| ------------- |:-------------:|
| end_crystal | 1000 |
| ender_eye | 800 |
| diamond | 800 |
| enchanted_golden_apple | 500 |
| music_disc_13 | 400 |
| music_disc_cat | 400 |
| music_disc_blocks | 400 |
| music_disc_chirp | 400 |
| music_disc_far | 400 |
| music_disc_mall | 400 |
| music_disc_mellohi | 400 |
| music_disc_stal | 400 |
| music_disc_strad | 400 |
| music_disc_ward | 400 |
| music_disc_11 | 400 |
| music_disc_pigstep | 400 |
| music_disc_otherside | 400 |
| music_disc_wait | 400 |
| netherite_axe | 170 |
| netherite_hoe | 170 |
| netherite_helmet | 170 |
| netherite_chestplate | 170 |
| netherite_leggings | 170 |
| netherite_boots | 170 |
| netherite_ingot | 170 |
| netherite_sword | 170 |
| netherite_shovel | 170 |
| netherite_pickaxe | 170 |
| netherite_scrap | 170 |
| emerald | 150 |
| diamond_horse_armor | 120 |
| diamond_sword | 120 |
| diamond_shovel | 120 |
| diamond_pickaxe | 120 |
| diamond_axe | 120 |
| diamond_hoe | 120 |
| diamond_helmet | 120 |
| diamond_chestplate | 120 |
| diamond_leggings | 120 |
| diamond_boots | 120 |
| written_book | 50 |
| writable_book | 40 |
| goat_horn | 40 |
| amethyst_shard | 40 |
| spyglass | 40 |
| soul_campfire | 40 |
| raw_gold | 40 |
| glow_frame | 40 |
| golden_horse_armor | 40 |
| golden_hoe | 30 |
| golden_sword | 30 |
| golden_shovel | 30 |
| golden_pickaxe | 30 |
| golden_axe | 30 |
| golden_helmet | 30 |
| golden_chestplate | 30 |
| golden_leggings | 30 |
| golden_boots | 30 |
| empty_map | 30 |
| raw_copper | 20 |
| netherbrick | 20 |
| raw_iron | 20 |
| gold_nugget | 20 |
| chainmail_helmet | 20 |
| chainmail_chestplate | 20 |
| chainmail_leggings | 20 |
| chainmail_boots | 20 |
| gold_ingot | 14 |
| leather_helmet | 16 |
| leather_chestplate | 16 |
| leather_leggings | 16 |
| leather_horse_armor | 20 |
| leather_boots | 16 |
| iron_horse_armor | 12 |
| iron_helmet | 10 |
| iron_chestplate | 10 |
| iron_leggings | 10 |
| iron_sword | 10 |
| iron_boots | 10 |
| apple | 10 |
| bow | 10 |
| arrow | 10 |
| coal | 10 |
| iron_ingot | 8 |
| flint_and_steel | 6 |
| bowl | 6 |
| stone_sword | 5 |
| stone_shovel | 5 |
| stone_pickaxe | 5 |
| stone_axe | 5 |
| iron_shovel | 4 |
| iron_pickaxe | 4 |
| iron_axe | 4 |
| wooden_sword | 3 |
| wooden_shovel | 3 |
| wooden_pickaxe | 3 |
| wooden_axe | 3 |
| stick | 2 |
| mushroom_stew | 20 |
| string | 2 |
| feather | 3 |
| gunpowder | 12 |
| wooden_hoe | 3 |
| totem_of_undying | 800 |

Commit message:

Update scoresheet with more details

build-challenge/ScoreSheet.md, after:


## Build Challenge Score Sheet

## Additional Bonuses

### Voting

The first place winner of the vote gets TRIPLE their score
The second place winner of the vote gets DOUBLE their score
The third place winner of the vote get a 50% bonus added to their score

### Activity

In an attempt to balance out team numbers and the number hours that a team puts in, we award bonuses based on overall activity.

Teams that are the in the second most active group (as indicated by ▓) receive a 25% score bonus
Teams that are the in the third most active group (as indicated by ▒) receive a 50% score bonus
Teams that are the in the least active group (as indicated by ░) receive a double score bonus
Teams that are the most active (as indicated by █) don't receive a bonus, beyond a virtual high five for their awesomeness

### Blocks (when stored as items in a chest | half points)

### All unlisted blocks should be 10 points

| Block        | Score           |
| ------------- |:-------------:|
| diamond block | 200 |
| bedrock | 100 |
| diamond ore | 40 |
| crafting table | 30 |
| note block | 22 |
| mob spawner | 20 |
| lit furnace | 20 |
| dispenser | 20 |
| golden rail | 20 |
| standing sign | 16 |
| netherrack | 12 |
| soul sand | 12 |
| chest | 12 |
| log | 8 |
| log2 | 8 |
| chiseled sandstone | 8 |
| cut sandstone | 8 |
| oak stairs | 8 |
| glass | 6 |
| pistonarmcollision | 8 |
| brown mushroom | 6 |
| red mushroom | 6 |
| redstone wire | 6 |
| wheat | 6 |
| spruce fence gate | 6 |
| birch fence gate | 6 |
| jungle fence gate | 6 |
| dark oak fence gate | 6 |
| acacia fence gate | 6 |
| chemical heat | 6 |
| spruce door | 6 |
| birch door | 6 |
| jungle door | 6 |
| acacia door | 6 |
| dark oak door | 6 |
| grass path | 6 |
| frame | 6 |
| stone | 4 |
| planks | 4 |
| sapling | 4 |
| sand | 4 |
| gravel | 2 |
| leaves | 4 |
| sponge | 4 |
| double stone slab2 | 4 |
| stone slab2 | 4 |
| cobweb | 4 |
| grass | 2 |
| fern | 2 |
| dead bush | 4 |
| seagrass | 4 |
| sea pickle | 4 |
| fire | 4 |
| leaves2 | 2 |
| dirt | 2 |
| cobblestone | 2 |
	
### Items in Chests
### All unlisted items should be 10 points

| Item        | Score           |
| ------------- |:-------------:|
| end_crystal | 1000 |
| ender_eye | 800 |
| diamond | 800 |
| enchanted_golden_apple | 500 |
| music_disc_13 | 400 |
| music_disc_cat | 400 |
| music_disc_blocks | 400 |
| music_disc_chirp | 400 |
| music_disc_far | 400 |
| music_disc_mall | 400 |
| music_disc_mellohi | 400 |
| music_disc_stal | 400 |
| music_disc_strad | 400 |
| music_disc_ward | 400 |
| music_disc_11 | 400 |
| music_disc_pigstep | 400 |
| music_disc_otherside | 400 |
| music_disc_wait | 400 |
| netherite_axe | 170 |
| netherite_hoe | 170 |
| netherite_helmet | 170 |
| netherite_chestplate | 170 |
| netherite_leggings | 170 |
| netherite_boots | 170 |
| netherite_ingot | 170 |
| netherite_sword | 170 |
| netherite_shovel | 170 |
| netherite_pickaxe | 170 |
| netherite_scrap | 170 |
| emerald | 150 |
| diamond_horse_armor | 120 |
| diamond_sword | 120 |
| diamond_shovel | 120 |
| diamond_pickaxe | 120 |
| diamond_axe | 120 |
| diamond_hoe | 120 |
| diamond_helmet | 120 |
| diamond_chestplate | 120 |
| diamond_leggings | 120 |
| diamond_boots | 120 |
| written_book | 50 |
| writable_book | 40 |
| goat_horn | 40 |
| amethyst_shard | 40 |
| spyglass | 40 |
| soul_campfire | 40 |
| raw_gold | 40 |
| glow_frame | 40 |
| golden_horse_armor | 40 |
| golden_hoe | 30 |
| golden_sword | 30 |
| golden_shovel | 30 |
| golden_pickaxe | 30 |
| golden_axe | 30 |
| golden_helmet | 30 |
| golden_chestplate | 30 |
| golden_leggings | 30 |
| golden_boots | 30 |
| empty_map | 30 |
| raw_copper | 20 |
| netherbrick | 20 |
| raw_iron | 20 |
| gold_nugget | 20 |
| chainmail_helmet | 20 |
| chainmail_chestplate | 20 |
| chainmail_leggings | 20 |
| chainmail_boots | 20 |
| gold_ingot | 14 |
| leather_helmet | 16 |
| leather_chestplate | 16 |
| leather_leggings | 16 |
| leather_horse_armor | 20 |
| leather_boots | 16 |
| iron_horse_armor | 12 |
| iron_helmet | 10 |
| iron_chestplate | 10 |
| iron_leggings | 10 |
| iron_sword | 10 |
| iron_boots | 10 |
| apple | 10 |
| bow | 10 |
| arrow | 10 |
| coal | 10 |
| iron_ingot | 8 |
| flint_and_steel | 6 |
| bowl | 6 |
| stone_sword | 5 |
| stone_shovel | 5 |
| stone_pickaxe | 5 |
| stone_axe | 5 |
| iron_shovel | 4 |
| iron_pickaxe | 4 |
| iron_axe | 4 |
| wooden_sword | 3 |
| wooden_shovel | 3 |
| wooden_pickaxe | 3 |
| wooden_axe | 3 |
| stick | 2 |
| mushroom_stew | 20 |
| string | 2 |
| feather | 3 |
| gunpowder | 12 |
| wooden_hoe | 3 |
| totem_of_undying | 800 |
